You are you are Yan Ziqi
He is Yan Ziqi, the queen of fighting back then
Fighting Queen
Why is he here?
Brother, you didn't get caught fighting black fists, did you?
Shut your crow's mouth
President Yang, what wind brought you here?
Yang Tong
Black boxing will be banned by the association
President Yang, don't spout blood!
We are a regular boxing gym
What is black boxing?
Cut the crap
We'll deal with your black boxing later
Today I'm here for him, let him come over this person
I want hey
President Yang, this is my most beloved apprentice
Hmph, you can't force people to do things
Although he has just started to learn power
But definitely a good seedling
Nonsense. I'm not his apprentice
The damn girl is itchy, right?
You heard it.
I'm going to order this person
Sister, don't talk nonsense with them
I'll take them to the law enforcement bureau now
Big brother, he's the president of the Fighting Association, he's amazing
Boss, why don't we go first?
Hmph Yan Ziqi
I'll sell you face today, brothers, go
Why did you meet him?
What happened just now
I'm relieved.
Hey wait weird
3 red teeth